# KB22 Privacy Policy
KB22 Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy
Effective date: November 18, 2018

KB22 ("us", "we", or "our") operates the KB22 mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. 

Definitions
Service

Service is the KB22 mobile application operated by KB22

Personal Data

Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

Usage Data

Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

Cookies

Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

Information Collection and Use
We do not collect any sort of usage information from our users in the form of usage data or cookies.

Children's Privacy

We do not collect any sort of usage information from our users. 
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

By email: hellosimplexapps@gmail.com
